however now I show you how it works
the application is d4 sharra this
application development for Maya file
ultra City and we have sorting and the t
AC sudden so I have Nexus form is nice
fun but it hasn't mirrors this one but
if you have my photos the TDMA sudden or
is it EAC solid you can a cast microSD
card which is inserted into the modify
rotor so now I insert into the my pyro
tricity MF sudden the microSD card
okay now it's sorted then you know check
it that you to connect to the my pyro go
to Wi-Fi settings okay no connect to the
Wi-Fi router and have sudden connected
okay after that lunch is the FTP char
okay if you my Pharaoh to have default
settings for a case in web interface
unit press Start button otherwise you
need go to settings and set preference
IP address login and password if
preferences were correct upstart and
button change name from staff to stop
okay connected at the P started okay
then go to file manager in the sample I
use free file manager total Kamado
reason starlet ftp plugin now i I create
new connection
it need once to create
okay then I said IP address
okay press no okay now we have a kiss to
SD card which inserted to them my fire
order
I go to and can and copy and past the
music
copy to clipboard pasty and now we can
copy from SD card to the phone and from
form to the SD card
okay
you can stop stop application stop
connection to the Mifare order no I
guess if you want a guess again you need
start again ok that's right
st. you